Update LSIF upload warnings. (#8404)
sourcegraph/sourcegraph: doc/user/code_intelligence/lsif.md

Follow our [LSIF quickstart guide](lsif_quickstart.md) to manually generate and upload LSIF data for your repository. After you are satisfied with the result, you can upload LSIF data to a Sourcegraph instance using your existing [continuous integration infrastructure](lsif_in_ci.md), or using [GitHub Actions](lsif_on_github.md).

> LSIF support is still a relatively new feature. We recommend you start by uploading a smaller number of key repositories. Once you reach 50 to 100 repositories, we will be able to provide specific recommendations for ensuring stability and performance of your Sourcegraph instance. We are currently working on validating that the feature remains responsive with tens of thousands of repositories.

Reviewer: I like this, but would suggest front-loading the key point of the message, which is to ensure the performance of the instance. This suggestion is just a rearrangement on that basis.

```suggestion
LSIF support is still a relatively new feature. We are currently working on validating that the feature remains responsive even with tens of thousands of repositories. To get started, we recommend you upload a smaller number of key repositories. Once you reach 50 to 100 repositories, we will be able to provide specific recommendations for ensuring stability and performance of your Sourcegraph instance.
```

| [kubernetes](https://github.com/kubernetes/kubernetes/tree/e680ad7) | 301MB, 4577 files,   1.550m loc |  1.21m | 910MB |  80.06s | 162MB |
| [aws-sdk-go](https://github.com/aws/aws-sdk-go/tree/18a2d30)        | 119MB, 1759 files,   1.067m loc |  8.20m | 1.3GB | 155.82s | 358MB |

## Data retention policy

> The bulk of LSIF data is stored on-disk, and as code intelligence data for a commit ages it becomes less useful. Sourcegraph will automatically remove the least recently uploaded data if the amount of disk space falls above a threshold. This value can be changed via the `DBS_DIR_MAXIMUM_SIZE_BYTES` environment variable. The default value of this variable is `10737418240`, which is `1024 * 1024 * 1024 * 10` bytes, or `10` gigabytes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The bulk of LSIF data is stored on-disk, and as code intelligence data for a commit ages it becomes less useful. Sourcegraph will automatically remove the least recently uploaded data if the amount of disk space falls below a configurable threshold. This value defaults to 10 GiB (10⨉2^30 = 10737418240  bytes), and can be changed via the `DBS_DIR_MAXIMUM_SIZE_BYTES` environment variable.
```
